---
layout: page
title: Teaching
subtitle: 
---

<p><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Over the past year and a half, I've taught Measurement and Statistics, General Psychology, and Cognitive Psychology. I hope to have the opportunity to prepare new courses in the near future. Details about when these classes were held and how many students were included can be found on my <strong><a class="inline_disabled" style="color: #000000;" href="https://leeloew.github.io/CV/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">curriculum vitae (link)</a></strong>. My approach to course design and instruction is mainly motivated by the combination of cognitive theory and efficacious instructional techniques as well as a constant effort to develop a more equitable and inclusive learning environment. More information on </span><span style="color: #843fa1;"><a class="inline_disabled" style="color: #843fa1;" href="https://leeloew.github.io/teachinginfluences/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">materials that have shaped my teaching philosophy can be found at this page (link)</a></span><span style="color: #000000;">. </span><span style="color: #000000;">Part of the reason I've become so passionate about teaching is because of many of the things students have written in my course evaluations. I highly encourage you to look at the essay portion of the reviews if you're interested. A </span><span style="color: #843fa1;"><a class="inline_disabled" style="color: #843fa1;" href="https://leeloew.github.io/CourseEvalsComplete/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">comprehensive webpage containing all my course evaluation data can be found here (link)</a></span><span style="color: #000000;">. Below are some highlights from my course evaluations.</span></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><span style="color: #000000;">General Psychology Summer 2021</span></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="color: #000000;">"<em>This instructor was quite possibly the most effective one I have had throughout my entire college education experience. He was ALWAYS accommodating and understanding of various struggles students in the class had, including me- Within the second week of class, many of my own concerns and those shared by my peers were addressed and adjusted to relieve some of the worries we had, especially with it being an online class this semester. I also always got feedback on my writing, as it pertains to the way I wrote my short answers on the exams, and when I would reach out with questions over email, I would get a quick response. I also really enjoyed how the lecture videos were sprinkled with little jokes and a light-hearted presence, but also disclaimers as they pertained to certain information the textbook discussed, but that wasn't entirely inclusive of other information that should be talked about. Overall, I have thoroughly enjoyed the instructor, his calm/caring demeanor, and the inclusivity he promotes of all people.</em>"</span></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><span style="color: #000000;">Measurement and Statistics Summer 2021</span></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="color: #000000;">"<em>Throughout the four or so online semesters I have taken so far, Professor Rogers has been ultimately the best! Very understanding, FLEXIBLE- which is great for students, especially during such times. You can also tell Professor Rogers enjoys what he does as a professor and teaching undergrad on a not-so-easy topic (statistics) through his effort and support. He always made sure if we had any difficulty or questions on anything, always to ask. My overall course grade reflects the effort I put into this course and how well of an instructor Professor Rogers is. The exams were well structured; they allowed me to challenge myself while using creativity in some questions, giving me the ability to practice what I had learned in lectures thoughtfully. Not sure exactly who is reading this other than Professor Rogers; however, in psychology, there are two mindsets-- the fixed mindset and the growth mindset. People who have a fixed mindset always desire to look intelligent and avoid any obstacles, challenges that may interfere with their image of intelligence. A person who has a growth mindset does take on any challenges, doesn't avoid any obstacles, puts maximum effort, they learn from criticism to get a better understanding. When I first started this course, I wasn't confident, shy, and afraid to challenge myself. However, I feel that now I'm ending the semester with a growth mindset. Thanks to Professor Rogers. Also, because of his teaching skills and effort, I was able to finally understand concepts that I've previously learned in other statistics courses.</em>"</span></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><span style="color: #000000;"><span>(page being updated)</span></span></span></p>
